04 - Reporting/README.md, before:

# Reporting

A PowerBI Template file has been created so you can quickly spin up reports based on the Cognitive Search Template UI. To create the reports, simply open **Cognitive Search.pbit** using PowerBI Desktop.

## Prerequisites

1. Application Insights is used to capture the telemetry data for these reports.  If you chose to not provision Application Insights and update the *InstrumentationKey* in the web app's *appsettings.json* file, you will not have data available to run the reports in this repository.
2. PowerBI Desktop installed on your computer

## Getting Started

When you open the template, you will be asked for your **Application Insights Application ID**. This Application ID can be found by going to the Azure portal -> navigating to the App Insights resource -> then clicking on API Access:

After you enter the Application Id, click **Load**. 

<img src="../images/pbi1.png" alt="Application Id Load" width="800"/>

<!-- ![](../images/pbi1.png) -->


Next, it will ask for credentials:

<img src="../images/pbi2.png" alt="Credentials" width="800"/>

<!-- ![](../images/pbi2.png) -->


Enter your credentials and you'll have PowerBI reports ready to go like the one seen below:

<img src="../images/pbi3.JPG" alt="PowerBi sample report" width="800"/>

<!-- ![](../images/pbi3.jpg) -->

## Additional Materials
For more information on PowerBI and developing reports on PowerBI see [What is Power BI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/power-bi/power-bi-overview).

## Special Thanks 
Special thanks to Emilio D'Angelo for creating this PBI template.

Commit message:

Documentation updates (#66)
* Consistent updates to VS2019, link cleanup

* Minor documentation additinos and corrections

* Added script blocker notice

* Reverted back to full links to support Azure Docs properly

* Adapted to old URL

* Hopefully now fixed

* Next try

* Next try

04 - Reporting/README.md, after:

# Reporting

A PowerBI Template file has been created so you can quickly spin up reports based on the Cognitive Search Template UI. To create the reports, simply open **Cognitive Search.pbit** using PowerBI Desktop.

## Prerequisites

1. Application Insights is used to capture the telemetry data for these reports. If you chose to not provision Application Insights and update the *InstrumentationKey* in the web app's *appsettings.json* file, you will not have data available to run the reports in this repository.
1. PowerBI Desktop installed on your computer

## Getting Started

When you open the template, you will be asked for your **Application Insights Application ID**. This Application ID can be found by going to the Azure portal -> navigating to the App Insights resource -> then clicking on API Access:

After you enter the Application Id, click **Load**. 

<img src="../images/pbi1.png" alt="Application Id Load" width="800"/>

<!-- ![](../images/pbi1.png) -->


Next, it will ask for credentials:

<img src="../images/pbi2.png" alt="Credentials" width="800"/>

<!-- ![](../images/pbi2.png) -->


Enter your credentials and you'll have PowerBI reports ready to go like the one seen below:

<img src="../images/pbi3.JPG" alt="PowerBi sample report" width="800"/>

<!-- ![](../images/pbi3.jpg) -->

## Troubleshooting

If you do not see any details in Power BI (even after hitting the Refresh button), you might want to check if you are using a script or adblocker in your browser. For example, uBlock might block the logging requests to Azure, depending on the configuration.

## Additional Materials
For more information on PowerBI and developing reports on PowerBI see [What is Power BI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/power-bi/power-bi-overview).

Alternatively, you can use the new Power BI report that is automatically included with Azure Cognitive Search. In order to access it, goto the Search instance in your subscription, navigate to `Search traffic analytics`, and select `Download Power BI report`.

Both reports have comparable capabilties and can be used to develop more sophisticated dashboards.

## Special Thanks 
Special thanks to Emilio D'Angelo for creating this PBI template.
