00 - Resource Deployment/README.md, before:

# Resource Deployment

There are two options for deploying the resources to Azure for this solution accelerator:

1. **Using a PowerShell Script**: `deploy.ps1`

    This script is the fastest way to get your solution up and running and will perform the following actions:

    1. Provision the required Azure resources
    2. Upload sample data to your storage account
    3. Create a search index
    4. Print out the values and keys needed for the web app's *appsettings.json*

    If you choose to run this script, **you can skip the Search Index Creation** in the next folder.

1. **Using an ARM Template**: `azuredeploy.json`

    To deploy this ARM Template, simply press the button below:

    > Please note that this will only deploy the resources. You'll then need to create a search index in the next step.

    <a href="https://portal.azure.com/#create/Microsoft.Template/uri/https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FAzure-Samples%2Fazure-search-knowledge-mining%2Fmaster%2Fazuredeploy.json" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://azuredeploy.net/deploybutton.png"/>
    </a>

## Prerequisites

1. Access to an Azure Subscription
1. If you're running the PowerShell script, you'll also need to install the [Az PowerShell Module](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/azure/install-az-ps)

## Running the PowerShell Script

> If you're new to PowerShell, you can follow the instructions on [How to run PowerShell script file on Windows 10](https://www.windowscentral.com/how-create-and-run-your-first-powershell-script-file-windows-10) to help you get started.

To run the [PowerShell script](./deploy.ps1):

1. Open PowerShell and navigate to this folder.

    ```cmd
    cd "00 - Resource Deployment"
    ```

2. Run the following command:

    ```cmd
    ./deploy.ps1
    ```

3. After running the script, you'll be prompted to login and provide additional information.

## Resources Deployed

The PowerShell script will provision the following resources to your Azure subscription:

| Resource              | Usage                                                                                     |
|-----------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Azure Search Service](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/search/)  | The hosting service for the Search Index, Cognitive Skillset, and Search Indexer          |
| [Azure Cognitive Services](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/search/cognitive-search-attach-cognitive-services)	| Used by the Cognitive Skills pipeline to process unstructured data	|
|[Azure Storage Account](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/storage/?v=18.24) | Data source where raw files are stored                                                     |
| [Web App](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/app-service/web/)               | The hosting service for the Search UI                                                     |
| [Application Insights](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/monitor/)  | Telemetry monitoring service for the Search UI (*Optional*)									|

By default, this PowerShell script will provision a Basic Search service for your solution. See [Azure Search Pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/search/) for information on sizing limits, scaling limits and pricing and choose your desired tier. 

Depending on your custom skill development needs, additional Azure resources may be required.  See the README in the [03 - Data Science & Custom Skills](../03%20-%20Data%20Science%20and%20Custom%20Skills/README.md) folder for additional information.

## Notes

We recommend building an initial prototype solution leveraging a representative subset of data to estimate the size of your final search index.  When you are ready to build your final solution, you will want to size and provision your resources to meet your estimated scale and performance needs.

Please see [Azure Service Limits](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/search/search-limits-quotas-capacity) for additional information and best practices on sizing.

Commit message:

Updated to reflect RAI and Face Legal terms

00 - Resource Deployment/README.md, after:

# Resource Deployment

There are two options for deploying the resources to Azure for this solution accelerator:

1. **Using a PowerShell Script**: `deploy.ps1`

    This script is the fastest way to get your solution up and running and will perform the following actions:

    1. Provision the required Azure resources
    2. Upload sample data to your storage account
    3. Create a search index
    4. Print out the values and keys needed for the web app's *appsettings.json*
    
    *Pre-requisites to run the script:*
    
    - Running PowerShell script with Administrator rights
    
    - Accepting Responsible AI (RAI) and Face Legal Terms. One of the Azure resources that is created when deploying this script is a [Cognitive Services multi-service account](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/cognitive-services-apis-create-account). You must acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to the Responsible AI (RAI) and Face Legal Terms so the script can run successfully. Otherwise, the script execution will be cancelled.
    
    - Your Azure account must have a Cognitive Services Contributor role assigned in order for you to agree to the responsible AI terms and create a resource. To get this role assigned to your account, follow the steps in the Assign roles documentation, or contact your administrator.

        Below are the RAI and Face Legal Terms. For more recent Terms that may be added after this sample is published, review Cognitive Services Terms of Use documentation.

        **Responsible AI Notice**

        Microsoft provides technical documentation regarding the appropriate operation applicable to this Cognitive Service that is made available by Microsoft. Customer acknowledges and agrees that they have reviewed this documentation and will use this service in accordance with it. This Cognitive Services is intended to process Customer Data that includes Biometric Data (as may be further described in product documentation) that Customer may incorporate into its own systems used for personal identification or other purposes. Customer acknowledges and agrees that it is responsible for complying with the Biometric Data obligations contained in the Online Services DPA.

        [Online Services DPA](https://aka.ms/DPA)

        [Responsible Use of AI documentation for Spatial Analysis](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2162377)

        [Responsible Use of AI documentation for Text Analytics for Health](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2161275)

        [Responsible Use of AI documentation for Text Analytics PII](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2162376)


        **Face Notice**

        This service or any Face service that is being created by this Subscription Id, is not by or for a police department in the United States.
    

    If you choose to run this script, **you can skip the Search Index Creation** in the next folder.

1. **Using an ARM Template**: `azuredeploy.json`

    To deploy this ARM Template, simply press the button below:

    > Please note that this will only deploy the resources. You'll then need to create a search index in the next step.

    <a href="https://portal.azure.com/#create/Microsoft.Template/uri/https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FAzure-Samples%2Fazure-search-knowledge-mining%2Fmaster%2Fazuredeploy.json" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://azuredeploy.net/deploybutton.png"/>
    </a>

## Prerequisites

1. Access to an Azure Subscription
1. If you're running the PowerShell script, you'll also need to install the [Az PowerShell Module](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/azure/install-az-ps)

## Running the PowerShell Script

> If you're new to PowerShell, you can follow the instructions on [How to run PowerShell script file on Windows 10](https://www.windowscentral.com/how-create-and-run-your-first-powershell-script-file-windows-10) to help you get started.

To run the [PowerShell script](./deploy.ps1):

1. Open PowerShell and navigate to this folder.

    ```cmd
    cd "00 - Resource Deployment"
    ```

2. Run the following command:

    ```cmd
    ./deploy.ps1
    ```

3. After running the script, you'll be prompted to login and provide additional information.

## Resources Deployed

The PowerShell script will provision the following resources to your Azure subscription:

| Resource              | Usage                                                                                     |
|-----------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Azure Search Service](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/search/)  | The hosting service for the Search Index, Cognitive Skillset, and Search Indexer          |
| [Azure Cognitive Services](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/search/cognitive-search-attach-cognitive-services)	| Used by the Cognitive Skills pipeline to process unstructured data	|
|[Azure Storage Account](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/storage/?v=18.24) | Data source where raw files are stored                                                     |
| [Web App](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/app-service/web/)               | The hosting service for the Search UI                                                     |
| [Application Insights](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/monitor/)  | Telemetry monitoring service for the Search UI (*Optional*)									|

By default, this PowerShell script will provision a Basic Search service for your solution. See [Azure Search Pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/search/) for information on sizing limits, scaling limits and pricing and choose your desired tier. 

Depending on your custom skill development needs, additional Azure resources may be required.  See the README in the [03 - Data Science & Custom Skills](../03%20-%20Data%20Science%20and%20Custom%20Skills/README.md) folder for additional information.

## Notes

We recommend building an initial prototype solution leveraging a representative subset of data to estimate the size of your final search index.  When you are ready to build your final solution, you will want to size and provision your resources to meet your estimated scale and performance needs.

Please see [Azure Service Limits](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/search/search-limits-quotas-capacity) for additional information and best practices on sizing.
