02 - Web UI Template/README.md, before:

# Cognitive Search UI Template
This folder contains a basic web front end that can be used to quickly create a view of your search results.  With just a few simple steps, you can configure this template UI to query your newly created search index. **CognitiveSearch.UI** is a .NET Core MVC Web app used as a Template UI for querying a search index. This is the focus of this README.

In just a few steps, you can configure this template UI to query your search index. This template will render a web page similar to the following:

![web user interface](../images/WebUI.jpg)

## Run the UI
You can run the UI:
-  [Pulling a pre-built docker image](#prerequisites-for-pulling-with-docker)
-  [Building the .NET Core MVC Web app with Visual Studio](#prerequisites-for-building-with-visual-studio)

## Prerequisites for pulling with Docker
1. Docker - [Download](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop)

## 1. Update .env 

Modify the [.env file](./Docker/.env) with your application settings:

### Required fields

```shell
SearchServiceName=
SearchApiKey=
SearchIndexName=
StorageAccountName=
StorageAccountKey=
StorageContainerAddress=https://{storage-account-name}.blob.core.windows.net/{container-name}
KeyField=metadata_storage_path
IsPathBase64Encoded=true
```

- **SearchServiceName** - The name of your Azure Cognitive Search service
- **SearchApiKey** - The API Key for your Azure Cognitive Search service
- **SearchIndexName** - The name of your Azure Cognitive Search index
- **SearchIndexerName** - The name of your Azure Cognitive Search indexer
- **StorageAccountName** - The name of your Azure Blob Storage Account
- **StorageAccountKey** - The key for your Azure Blob Storage Account
- **StorageContainerAddress** - The URL to the storage container where your - documents are stored. This should be in the following format: *https://- *storageaccountname*.blob.core.windows.net/*containername**
- **KeyField** - They key field for your search index. This should be set to the - field specified as a key document Id in the index. By default this is - *metadata_storage_path*.
- **IsPathBase64Encoded** - By default, metadata_storage_path is the key, and it - gets base64 encoded so this is set to true by default. If your key is not - encoded, set this to false.

### Optional Fields

While some fields are optional, we recommend not removing them from *.env* to avoid any possible errors.

```shell
InstrumentationKey=
StorageContainerAddress2=https://{storage-account-name}.blob.core.windows.net/{container-name}
StorageContainerAddress3=https://{storage-account-name}.blob.core.windows.net/{container-name}
AzureMapsSubscriptionKey=
GraphFacet=keyPhrases, locations
SearchIndexNameVideoIndexerTimeRef=videoinsights-time-references
Customizable=true
OrganizationName=Microsoft
OrganizationLogo=~/images/logo.png
OrganizationWebSiteUrl=https://www.microsoft.com

```

- **InstrumentationKey** - Optional instumentation key for Application Insights. - The instrumentation key connects the web app to Application Inisghts in order - to populate the Power BI reports.
- **StorageContainerAddress2** & **StorageContainerAddress3** - Optional - container addresses if using more than one indexer
- **AzureMapsSubscriptionKey** - You have the option to provide an Azure Maps - account if you would like to display a geographic point in a map in the - document details. The code expects a field called *geolocation* of type Edm.- GeographyPoint.
- **GraphFacet** - The GraphFacet is used for generating the relationship graph. - This can now be edited in the UI.
- **Customizable** - Determines if user is allowed to *customize* the web app. - Customizations include uploading documents and changing the colors/logo of the - web app. **OrganizationName**,  **OrganizationLogo**, and - **OrganizationWebSiteUrl** are additional fields that also allow you to do light customization.

## 2. Run the UI
```shell
docker run -d -env-file .env -p 80:80 kmworkshop.azurecr.io/web-ui:latest
```

## Prerequisites for building with Visual Studio

1. Visual Studio 2019 or newer - [Download](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/)

## 1. Update appsettings.json

To configure your web app to connect to your Azure services, simply update the *appsettings.json* file.

This file contains a mix of required and optional fields described below.

### Required fields

```json
  // Required fields
  "SearchServiceName": "",
  "SearchApiKey": "",
  "SearchIndexName": "",
  "SearchIndexerName": "",
  "StorageAccountName": "",
  "StorageAccountKey": "",
  "StorageContainerAddress": "https://{storage-account-name}.blob.core.windows.net/{container-name}",
  "KeyField": "metadata_storage_path",
  "IsPathBase64Encoded": true,
```

1. **SearchServiceName** - The name of your Azure Cognitive Search service
2. **SearchApiKey** - The API Key for your Azure Cognitive Search service
3. **SearchIndexName** - The name of your Azure Cognitive Search index
4. **SearchIndexerName** - The name of your Azure Cognitive Search indexer
5. **StorageAccountName** - The name of your Azure Blob Storage Account
6. **StorageAccountKey** - The key for your Azure Blob Storage Account
7. **StorageContainerAddress** - The URL to the storage container where your documents are stored. This should be in the following format: *https://*storageaccountname*.blob.core.windows.net/*containername**
8. **KeyField** - They key field for your search index. This should be set to the field specified as a key document Id in the index. By default this is *metadata_storage_path*.
9. **IsPathBase64Encoded** - By default, metadata_storage_path is the key, and it gets base64 encoded so this is set to true by default. If your key is not encoded, set this to false.

### Optional Fields

While some fields are optional, we recommend not removing them from *appsettings.json* to avoid any possible errors.

```json
   // Optional fields to enable Semantic Search (e.g. "en-US" and "semantic-config")
  "QueryLanguage": "{query-language-name}",
  "SemanticConfiguration": "{semantic-config-name}",
  
  // Optional instrumentation key
  "InstrumentationKey": "",

  // Optional container addresses if using more than one indexer:
  "StorageContainerAddress2": "https://{storage-account-name}.blob.core.windows.net/{container-name}",
  "StorageContainerAddress3": "https://{storage-account-name}.blob.core.windows.net/{container-name}",

  // Optional key to an Azure Maps account if you would like to display the geoLocation field in a map
  "AzureMapsSubscriptionKey": "",

  // Set to the name of a facetable field you would like to represent as a graph.
  // You may also set to a comma separated list of the facet names if you would like more than one facet type on the graph.
  "GraphFacet": "keyPhrases, locations",

  // Additional Customizations
  "Customizable": "true",
  "OrganizationName": "Microsoft",
  "OrganizationLogo": "~/images/logo.png",
  "OrganizationWebSiteUrl": "https://www.microsoft.com"

```

1. **InstrumentationKey** - Optional instumentation key for Application Insights. The instrumentation key connects the web app to Application Inisghts in order to populate the Power BI reports.
2. **StorageContainerAddress2** & **StorageContainerAddress3** - Optional container addresses if using more than one indexer
3. **AzureMapsSubscriptionKey** - You have the option to provide an Azure Maps account if you would like to display a geographic point in a map in the document details. The code expects a field called *geolocation* of type Edm.GeographyPoint. If your wish to change this behavior (for instance if you would like to use a different field), you can modify details.js.
![geolocation](../images/geolocation.png)
4. **GraphFacet** - The GraphFacet is used for generating the relationship graph. This can now be edited in the UI.
5. **Customizable** - Determines if user is allowed to *customize* the web app. Customizations include uploading documents and changing the colors/logo of the web app. **OrganizationName**,  **OrganizationLogo**, and **OrganizationWebSiteUrl** are additional fields that also allow you to do light customization.

## 2. Update SearchModel.cs

At this point, your web app is configured and is ready to run. By default, all facets, tags, and fields will be used in the UI.

If you would like to further customize the UI, you can update the following fields in *Search\SearchModel.cs*. You can select the filters that you are able to facet on, the tags shown with the results, as well as the fields returned by the search.

![searchmodel](../images/SearchModel.png)

**Facets** - Defines which facetable fields will show up as selectable filters in the UI. By default all facetable fields are included.

**Tags** - Defines which fields will be added to the results card and details view as buttons. By default all facetable fields are included.

**ResultFields** - Defines which fields will be returned in the results view. Only fields that are used for the UI should be included here to reduce latency caused by larger documents. By default all fields are included.

## 3. Add additional customization

This template serves as a great baseline for a Cognitive Search solution, however, you may want to make additional updates depending on your use case.

We have a special behavior if you have a field called *translated_text*. The UI will automatically show the original text and the translated text in the UI. This can be handy. If you would like to change this behavior (disable it, or change the name of the field), you can do that at details.js (GetTranscriptHTML method).

![geolocation](../images/translated.png)

### Key Files

Much of the UI is rendered dynamically by javascript. Some important files to know when making changes to the UI are:

1. **wwroot/js/results.js** - contains the code used to render search results on the UI

2. **wwroot/js/details.js** - contains the code for rending the detail view once a result is selected

3. **Search/DocumentSearchClient.cs** - contains the code for talking with Azure Cognitive Search's APIs. Setting breakpoints in this file is a great way to debug.

Commit message:

added instruction to create webapp with docker

02 - Web UI Template/README.md, after:

# Cognitive Search UI Template
This folder contains a basic web front end that can be used to quickly create a view of your search results.  With just a few simple steps, you can configure this template UI to query your newly created search index. **CognitiveSearch.UI** is a .NET Core MVC Web app used as a Template UI for querying a search index. This is the focus of this README.

In just a few steps, you can configure this template UI to query your search index. This template will render a web page similar to the following:

![web user interface](../images/WebUI.jpg)

## Run the UI
You can run the UI:
-  [Creating an Azure Web App](#create-an-azure-web-app)
-  [Pulling a pre-built docker image](#prerequisites-for-pulling-with-docker)
-  [Building the .NET Core MVC Web app with Visual Studio](#prerequisites-for-building-with-visual-studio)

## Create an Azure Web App
1. Open the Azure Portal
2. Click on "Create a resource"
3. Search for "Web App"
4. Define your "Web App" name, resource group, App Service Plan and "Docker Container" for the "Publish" setting
![web app deploy 1](../images/webapp-1.png)
5. Define the Docker settings as follow:
-   Server URL: https://kmworkshop.azurecr.io
-   Image and tag: kmworkshop.azurecr.io/web-ui:latest
![web app deploy 2](../images/webapp-2.png)
6. Create the "Web App"

## Prerequisites for pulling with Docker
1. Docker - [Download](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop)

## 1. Update .env 

Modify the [.env file](./Docker/.env) with your application settings:

### Required fields

```shell
SearchServiceName=
SearchApiKey=
SearchIndexName=
StorageAccountName=
StorageAccountKey=
StorageContainerAddress=https://{storage-account-name}.blob.core.windows.net/{container-name}
KeyField=metadata_storage_path
IsPathBase64Encoded=true
```

- **SearchServiceName** - The name of your Azure Cognitive Search service
- **SearchApiKey** - The API Key for your Azure Cognitive Search service
- **SearchIndexName** - The name of your Azure Cognitive Search index
- **SearchIndexerName** - The name of your Azure Cognitive Search indexer
- **StorageAccountName** - The name of your Azure Blob Storage Account
- **StorageAccountKey** - The key for your Azure Blob Storage Account
- **StorageContainerAddress** - The URL to the storage container where your - documents are stored. This should be in the following format: *https://- *storageaccountname*.blob.core.windows.net/*containername**
- **KeyField** - They key field for your search index. This should be set to the - field specified as a key document Id in the index. By default this is - *metadata_storage_path*.
- **IsPathBase64Encoded** - By default, metadata_storage_path is the key, and it - gets base64 encoded so this is set to true by default. If your key is not - encoded, set this to false.

### Optional Fields

While some fields are optional, we recommend not removing them from *.env* to avoid any possible errors.

```shell
InstrumentationKey=
StorageContainerAddress2=https://{storage-account-name}.blob.core.windows.net/{container-name}
StorageContainerAddress3=https://{storage-account-name}.blob.core.windows.net/{container-name}
AzureMapsSubscriptionKey=
GraphFacet=keyPhrases, locations
SearchIndexNameVideoIndexerTimeRef=videoinsights-time-references
Customizable=true
OrganizationName=Microsoft
OrganizationLogo=~/images/logo.png
OrganizationWebSiteUrl=https://www.microsoft.com

```

- **InstrumentationKey** - Optional instumentation key for Application Insights. - The instrumentation key connects the web app to Application Inisghts in order - to populate the Power BI reports.
- **StorageContainerAddress2** & **StorageContainerAddress3** - Optional - container addresses if using more than one indexer
- **AzureMapsSubscriptionKey** - You have the option to provide an Azure Maps - account if you would like to display a geographic point in a map in the - document details. The code expects a field called *geolocation* of type Edm.- GeographyPoint.
- **GraphFacet** - The GraphFacet is used for generating the relationship graph. - This can now be edited in the UI.
- **Customizable** - Determines if user is allowed to *customize* the web app. - Customizations include uploading documents and changing the colors/logo of the - web app. **OrganizationName**,  **OrganizationLogo**, and - **OrganizationWebSiteUrl** are additional fields that also allow you to do light customization.

## 2. Run the UI
```shell
docker run -d -env-file .env -p 80:80 kmworkshop.azurecr.io/web-ui:latest
```

## Prerequisites for building with Visual Studio

1. Visual Studio 2019 or newer - [Download](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/)

## 1. Update appsettings.json

To configure your web app to connect to your Azure services, simply update the *appsettings.json* file.

This file contains a mix of required and optional fields described below.

### Required fields

```json
  // Required fields
  "SearchServiceName": "",
  "SearchApiKey": "",
  "SearchIndexName": "",
  "SearchIndexerName": "",
  "StorageAccountName": "",
  "StorageAccountKey": "",
  "StorageContainerAddress": "https://{storage-account-name}.blob.core.windows.net/{container-name}",
  "KeyField": "metadata_storage_path",
  "IsPathBase64Encoded": true,
```

1. **SearchServiceName** - The name of your Azure Cognitive Search service
2. **SearchApiKey** - The API Key for your Azure Cognitive Search service
3. **SearchIndexName** - The name of your Azure Cognitive Search index
4. **SearchIndexerName** - The name of your Azure Cognitive Search indexer
5. **StorageAccountName** - The name of your Azure Blob Storage Account
6. **StorageAccountKey** - The key for your Azure Blob Storage Account
7. **StorageContainerAddress** - The URL to the storage container where your documents are stored. This should be in the following format: *https://*storageaccountname*.blob.core.windows.net/*containername**
8. **KeyField** - They key field for your search index. This should be set to the field specified as a key document Id in the index. By default this is *metadata_storage_path*.
9. **IsPathBase64Encoded** - By default, metadata_storage_path is the key, and it gets base64 encoded so this is set to true by default. If your key is not encoded, set this to false.

### Optional Fields

While some fields are optional, we recommend not removing them from *appsettings.json* to avoid any possible errors.

```json
   // Optional fields to enable Semantic Search (e.g. "en-US" and "semantic-config")
  "QueryLanguage": "{query-language-name}",
  "SemanticConfiguration": "{semantic-config-name}",
  
  // Optional instrumentation key
  "InstrumentationKey": "",

  // Optional container addresses if using more than one indexer:
  "StorageContainerAddress2": "https://{storage-account-name}.blob.core.windows.net/{container-name}",
  "StorageContainerAddress3": "https://{storage-account-name}.blob.core.windows.net/{container-name}",

  // Optional key to an Azure Maps account if you would like to display the geoLocation field in a map
  "AzureMapsSubscriptionKey": "",

  // Set to the name of a facetable field you would like to represent as a graph.
  // You may also set to a comma separated list of the facet names if you would like more than one facet type on the graph.
  "GraphFacet": "keyPhrases, locations",

  // Additional Customizations
  "Customizable": "true",
  "OrganizationName": "Microsoft",
  "OrganizationLogo": "~/images/logo.png",
  "OrganizationWebSiteUrl": "https://www.microsoft.com"

```

1. **InstrumentationKey** - Optional instumentation key for Application Insights. The instrumentation key connects the web app to Application Inisghts in order to populate the Power BI reports.
2. **StorageContainerAddress2** & **StorageContainerAddress3** - Optional container addresses if using more than one indexer
3. **AzureMapsSubscriptionKey** - You have the option to provide an Azure Maps account if you would like to display a geographic point in a map in the document details. The code expects a field called *geolocation* of type Edm.GeographyPoint. If your wish to change this behavior (for instance if you would like to use a different field), you can modify details.js.
![geolocation](../images/geolocation.png)
4. **GraphFacet** - The GraphFacet is used for generating the relationship graph. This can now be edited in the UI.
5. **Customizable** - Determines if user is allowed to *customize* the web app. Customizations include uploading documents and changing the colors/logo of the web app. **OrganizationName**,  **OrganizationLogo**, and **OrganizationWebSiteUrl** are additional fields that also allow you to do light customization.

## 2. Update SearchModel.cs

At this point, your web app is configured and is ready to run. By default, all facets, tags, and fields will be used in the UI.

If you would like to further customize the UI, you can update the following fields in *Search\SearchModel.cs*. You can select the filters that you are able to facet on, the tags shown with the results, as well as the fields returned by the search.

![searchmodel](../images/SearchModel.png)

**Facets** - Defines which facetable fields will show up as selectable filters in the UI. By default all facetable fields are included.

**Tags** - Defines which fields will be added to the results card and details view as buttons. By default all facetable fields are included.

**ResultFields** - Defines which fields will be returned in the results view. Only fields that are used for the UI should be included here to reduce latency caused by larger documents. By default all fields are included.

## 3. Add additional customization

This template serves as a great baseline for a Cognitive Search solution, however, you may want to make additional updates depending on your use case.

We have a special behavior if you have a field called *translated_text*. The UI will automatically show the original text and the translated text in the UI. This can be handy. If you would like to change this behavior (disable it, or change the name of the field), you can do that at details.js (GetTranscriptHTML method).

![geolocation](../images/translated.png)

### Key Files

Much of the UI is rendered dynamically by javascript. Some important files to know when making changes to the UI are:

1. **wwroot/js/results.js** - contains the code used to render search results on the UI

2. **wwroot/js/details.js** - contains the code for rending the detail view once a result is selected

3. **Search/DocumentSearchClient.cs** - contains the code for talking with Azure Cognitive Search's APIs. Setting breakpoints in this file is a great way to debug.
